>> Kyle Simpson: When will it
become standard to use const?
It's already standard in the sense
that ES6 is already been,
officially voted upon and
so const is happening.
I mean there was one last official
vote that it'll in June of this year,
to kinda give it the final
stamp of approval but
it's virtual certainty ES6 will happen
as the standard is already written.
And there are several
browsers that are already, so
the new versions of Chrome Firefox,
IE; they all support it.
If you're having to run code that's
running in older browsers, or
you're trying to use ES6 features that
don't yet exist even in the newest
of browsers, cuz they're still some
unimplemented features as of yet.
If you're trying to do that, the bridge
is to use what's called a transpiler.
It's a special kind of compiler that
takes your existing JavaScript code,
say you write code that
has ES6 features in it.
And it converts that code to something
that will run the same way but
in older browsers.
So, it goes through lots of
different tricks to figure that out.
So, we won't belabor that point, but
I'll just quickly illustrate that,
if we had, there's a tool called babel,
that is probably one of
the more common transpilers.
And if we had some code in babel.
Let me try to zoom in, so
it's a little bit more readable.
If we add some code in Babel that we
were trying to play around with and
see what's the equivalent
if I wrote it in ES6,
what's the equivalent of it in
something that runs in a browser.
So if I say const x = 10.
You'll notice over here that
they're not actually doing const,
the thing that they're transpiling it to
is this other stuff where they're setting
up different checks on it's behavior,
so that it's gonna behave
almost identically to the way const
will work in a normal ES6 engine.
So this is the code that's automatically
produced by this tool, and
that's the code that you
would sort of compile and
ship out to the browser,
while you would maintain your source code,
and your repository or
whatever, would use the const.
So you would author in ES6, and
you would, as a build step,
you would transpile to something lower and
ship that out.
So this is a pretty common practice
among JavaScript developers and
applications, and
it's becoming even more so.
This is kind of the new norm,
is that it's gonna be suggested that you
do always write in the newest version of
JavaScript, and if you have to run your
code in older browsers, which is the
reality for most of us, you just simply
let a build step with this tool take
care of the implementation details.
So we won't go into any more details about
how Babel works or what it does, but
it's a very sophisticated program that's
able to figure all that stuff out for
us, kind of let us not
have to worry about it.
So basically take away here.
You should if you gonna take
seriously writing Java script,
if you gonna work in an environment write
it in an application, if that's your job,
I'd recommend switching to ES6 now
which is gonna take learning ES6 so
there is plenty of work to do there.
But once you have learned it and
implemented it, you just need a build
step with transpiler like Babel or
something like that to take
care of the compilation, okay.
So did I miss any more questions?
Yeah, Babel does have
a lot of great examples.
There's more than just Babel, I'm not
meaning to say that's the only tool.
There's Tracer and a couple of other ones.
But Babel's one of the more
popular ones these days.
So it'd be a good place to start.
Yeah, it was mentioned in the chat,
I just wanna make sure everybody sees,
there are tools, if you're not really
serious about a full build step thing, but
you just wanna play around with how ES6
works, there's tools like es6fiddle.net.
And what this tool does, is,
it does the transpiling,
the compiling behind the scenes.
So it'll just run your code.
So if I said something like const x =
10 and then I said console.log(x) and
then I said x = 20 and console.log(x),
the question is am I gonna get 10 and 20
or what's gonna, and the way it's gonna do
it's gonna transpile that const so
that this state is not allowed.
And you'll notice that we get
an error saying x is read only.
So it's transpilled under the scenes, so
that I wasn't allowed to do line five.
So you can play around with various
different ES6 features here and
they got several built in examples.
So if you wanted to learn what,
somebody asked earlier how do I do default
parameters, well here's the syntax for
default parameters as of ES6.
You just put an equals sign and
the value to assign a default burner.
[COUGH] So
you can play around with those if you're
interested in learning more about ES6.
And as a reminder there is definitely
an ES6 course available
from Frontend Masters.